yellow,isosceles triangle
blue,isosceles triangle
black,isosceles triangle
orange,triangle
yellow,triangle
blue,triangle
black,triangle
green,equilateral triangle
pink,triangle
red,triangle
black,triangle
green,equilateral triangle
pink,triangle
green,isosceles triangle
red,equilateral triangle
pink,isosceles triangle
green,isosceles triangle
orange,triangle
pink,isosceles triangle
brown,isosceles triangle
purple,equilateral triangle
blue,isosceles triangle
purple,equilateral triangle
red,triangle
red,isosceles triangle
red,triangle
brown,triangle
blue,equilateral triangle
pink,triangle
red,triangle
pink,equilateral triangle
purple,equilateral triangle
blue,isosceles triangle
green,isosceles triangle
purple,equilateral triangle
red,equilateral triangle
blue,equilateral triangle
purple,isosceles triangle
blue,triangle
orange,isosceles triangle
purple,equilateral triangle
red,isosceles triangle
black,triangle
red,triangle
yellow,isosceles triangle
brown,equilateral triangle
orange,isosceles triangle
black,isosceles triangle
orange,equilateral triangle
brown,triangle
orange,triangle
brown,triangle
purple,isosceles triangle
brown,triangle
yellow,isosceles triangle
brown,triangle
blue,triangle
yellow,isosceles triangle
yellow,triangle
black,triangle
blue,triangle
brown,triangle
blue,triangle
purple,isosceles triangle
pink,triangle
purple,equilateral triangle
red,equilateral triangle
blue,equilateral triangle
green,equilateral triangle
yellow,triangle
blue,triangle
purple,isosceles triangle
red,equilateral triangle
red,equilateral triangle
brown,triangle
blue,triangle
yellow,isosceles triangle
blue,triangle
yellow,triangle
red,triangle
black,equilateral triangle
yellow,equilateral triangle
blue,equilateral triangle
black,equilateral triangle
yellow,triangle
red,triangle
black,isosceles triangle
brown,equilateral triangle
yellow,triangle
red,isosceles triangle
black,equilateral triangle
blue,triangle
orange,equilateral triangle
green,triangle
black,equilateral triangle
brown,triangle
green,equilateral triangle
pink,triangle
purple,equilateral triangle
black,isosceles triangle
